# CMU-24773-Multivariable-Control
Robust control techniques are used in various industries, from hard disk drives to robotics, to rigorously account for model uncertainty and manufacturing variations. This course will introduce robust control of multi-input, multi-output linear systems, providing a synthesis of frequency-domain concepts from classical control with state space analysis from linear systems. Topics include performance limitations in control systems, uncertainty models, generalized plants, robust stability and performance measures, controller synthesis, and model order reduction. The course will mix theoretical developments with practical design examples drawn from industry (robotics, data storage, aerospace, etc.). This is intended to be the 2nd in a three course sequence designed to prepare students for an industrial career in control systems engineering.
This course will cover robust control of multi-input, multi-output (MIMO) linear time invarient systems. Topics will include properties of MIMO systems, uncertainty and robustness, H infinity optimal control, mu synthesis, and linear matrix inequality approaches to optimal control.
Prerequisiste Knowledge:
Students should have a strong background in both classical (frequency domain) and modern (state space) approaches to control. Specifically, students should be familiar with Bode and Nyquist plots, loop shaping, controllability and observability, state feedback control and observer design, and similarity transformations.
